I know my wife is going to die. I even kindof know how. We talk about it every so often. It looms over our heads like a thin fog that we only really start seeing once we remember it exists. When I get reminded of this I will probably cry, as I am while typing this. I know that I will have to walk in on my wife's corpse, try to heal long inflicted wounds, and then call an unfortunate emergency team to collect her. I cried once more while typing. Writing this feel so mean; it may even resemble self harm. But I have to be honest with myself. I'm writing this December 4, 2023; only a couple weeks before my birthday. 

Seasonal depression cannot be avoided for me, here in upstate NY. Being outside when there's brief daylight is a privlege and one that is met with wanting to return to the indoors as soon as possible. Today I rewatched Big Joel's video *Fear of Death*, causing me to tear up and feel the need to record my questions for for people I care about. This piece of markdown writing is more for me than an audience, so I can speak freely-- I don't exactly want this to be the way people find out about that my wife killed herself; let alone that I've known she would, that she told me she would, that it has played in my head for years, and I did nothing to stop it. How could I?

With all this said, I am admitedly jealous that she has a record of herself. She is very active on Facebook despite a typically low amount of engagement. She posts a lot of cute little thoughts she has had and told me about. She has a lot of pictures of herself when she thought she looked cute that day or simply when we're having a nice night out. She wants to record. She wants to remember.

But I'm a void. My social media presence is paper thin. My Twitter drawingaccounts, where most of my fleeting thoughs were published, are deleted and unrecoverable. My facebook is barren. Pictures of myself are taken by others and uncontrolled unless I was updating a profile picture. I have a website that I simply don't advertise. Discovering more about me is essentially an ARG with loose threads and connections spread accross incidentally hidden spaces. Instead I occupy Discord where fleeting conversations are quickly made and fogotten, just barely more perminant than in real life.

Even my dad is better with social media, but I know that's not *actually* him in there. As far as I know, he thrives in meatspace and sees social media as a means to an end-- the result of being part of a generation where computers were tools, not spaces in themselves. And that means the only way I can find out more is to ask him direct questions before he dies. I'm considering recording him to at least preserve his voice, maybe his image too.